Add dependencies.yaml for rapids-dependency-file-generator [skip gpuci] (#5003)
rapidsai/cuml: python/README.md

RAFT's Python and Cython is located in the [RAFT repository](https://github.com/rapidsai/raft/python). It was designed to be included in projects as opposed to be distributed by itself, so at build time, **setup.py creates a symlink from cuML, located in `/python/cuml/raft/` to the Python folder of RAFT**.

> For developers that need to modify RAFT code, please refer to the [RAFT Developer Guide](https://github.com/rapidsai/raft/blob/branch-22.12/BUILD.md#developer-guide) for recommendations.

Reviewer: Should these be 23.02 so that the `update-version.sh` script detects them?
```suggestion
For developers that need to modify RAFT code, please refer to the [RAFT Developer Guide](https://github.com/rapidsai/raft/blob/branch-23.02/BUILD.md#developer-guide) for recommendations.
```

### Build Requirements

> cuML's convenience [development yaml files](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/tree/branch-22.12/environments) includes all dependencies required to build cuML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cuML's convenience [development yaml files](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/tree/branch-23.02/environments) includes all dependencies required to build cuML.
```
